What am I doing?
What is my calling?
I gave up giving up. I'm ready to go
The future's left unseen
It all depends on me
Put it on the line to follow my dream. yeah
Tried all my life
I've tried to find
Something that makes me hold on and never let go
Oh~~~
He-ro too
I am a Hero too
My heart is set~
And I won't back down!
He-ro too
Strength doesn't make a hero
True heroes
stand up for what they believe
so wait and see
What do they think of me?
Who do they think I'll be?
I could not care less
I don't wanna know
Am I doing right?
Am I satisfied?
I wanna live my life like it's meant to be
yeah~~
Tried all my life
I've tried to find
something that makes me hold on and never let go
oh~~
He-ro too
I am a hero too
My heart is set~
and I won't back down
He-ro too
Strength doesn't make a hero
True heroes
stand up for what they believe
so wait and see...
people will judge for no reason at all
yeah. they might try to say your dreams dumb
don't listen~
They may look down on me
count me out
I'm going my own way
They may look down on me
count me out
I"m a hero
I've got music
He-ro too
I am a hero too
My heart is set~
And I won't back down
He-ro too
Strength doesn't make a hero
true heros~
Stand up for what they believe in
yeah I'll be!
He-ro too
I am a hero too
my heart is set~
and I won't back down
He-ro too
strength doesn't make a hero
true heroes
stand up for what they believe in
so wait and see
I have met so many heroes in my life
Gave me the strength and courage to survive
Gave me the power to smile everyday
Now it's my turn
To be the one to make you smile!
Thank you for watching!